# The Business Of English

开始时间：2019-12-28 19：25

结束时间：2019-12-28 20：30

[TOC]



## 陌生单词

frankly [ˈfræŋkli] adv. 坦率地；老实说

outsource [ˈaʊtsɔːs] vt. 把…外包

alternative [ɔːlˈtɜːnətɪv] adj. 供选择的；选择性的；交替的 n. 二中择一；供替代的选择

staff [stɑːf] n. 职员；参谋；棒；支撑；五线谱

versus [ˈvɜːsəs] prep. 对，对抗；与……相对，与……相比

## 学习笔记

### Episode 6 What Are The Options?

Now, we're looking at the options for handling our on-line orders.

They're going through the roof and frankly. 坦率地说，他们要疯了

the lead-time for delivery is blowing out. 交货的提前期快到了

We need to improve our performance in this area. Any suggestions?

Well, as I see it, we have three options.

The obvious one is to employ more people to do the job.

Another alternative is to automate the system more - cut down on the physical handling.

And the third option?

We could outsource.

Well, looking at increasing staff versus automation, we have to consider the cost.

Automating has a higher capital cost than putting on more staff.

On the other hand, employing more people is more expensive over a long term.

How likely is it that we'll see continued growth?

I'd say it's a certainty.

I'd say a high probability.

Nothing's certain in business.

So what about the third option?

Outsourcing is the cheapest option, and the easiest - in the short term.

But if we want to keep the operation in-house, the best option is automating our system.





------



## 总结

informal meeting 非正式会议

- free-flowing - not controlled

- options  - different solutions to a problem
- online orders - orders received through the internet
- going through the roof - increasing rapidly in number
- lead time - time from start to finish of a process
- blowing out - becoming too great
- outsource - to use an outside company



- As I see it, there are three options.
- In my opinion, there are three options.
- From my point of view, there are three options.
- As far as I'm concerned, there are three options.



- Let's look at increased staff versus automation.

- Let's look at increased staff as against automation.





## 感悟

在这一个片段，需要学会以下几点：

1. 非常规会议如何引导会议进行
2. 如何表示自己的观点