# The Business Of English

开始时间：2019-12-16 18：24

结束时间：2019-12-16 19：24

[TOC]



## 陌生单词

associate  [əˈsəʊsieɪt; əˈsəʊʃieɪt]  n. （生意或工作上的）伙伴；准会员；联想；准零售工

engagement  [ɪnˈɡeɪdʒmənt]  n. 婚约；约会；交战；诺言；进场（游戏术语）

lounge bar [laʊndʒ]  n. （酒店内的）高级酒吧

make a move 开始行动

commitment [kəˈmɪtmənt]  n. 承诺，保证；委托；承担义务；献身

## 学习笔记

### Episode 2 Why Don't You Join Us?

Well, it's been good to meet you, Sam. And very interesting to hear about your business.

Look, we're having a small dinner for some of our clients and friends after this.

Why don't you join us?

That's very kind of you.

I'll check with my associate whether have other arrangement for us.

Well, your associate is most welcome to join us too.

Thank you. Excuse me? Walter. This is Sam from America too.

He's  very kind of invite us to a dinner.

Yes, would you like to join us?

Unfortunately, I have another engagement, but thank you for the invitation.

Well, perhaps you could join us after that for a drink.

Sounds great. I'll be happy to. Where shall we meet?

How about the lounge bar here? At about 10?

I'll see you then. Excuse me.

Lin, Victor's joined us for dinner.

Oh, wonderful.

I hope you don't mind.

Of cource not. You're most welcome.

Well, should we make a move?

Would you mind if I just say goodbye to a few people?

No problem,we'll see you outside in a few minutes.

Ok.

## 总结

- Invite Vector to his dinner

Why don't you join us?

Perhaps you could join us.

It would be great if you could join us.

Would you like to join us?

- Thank you. That's very kind of you. Sounds good.

- Unfortunately I have another engagement.

  I'm afraid I have another commitment.

  I can't I'm sorry. Perhaps another time?



## 感悟

在这一个片段，需要学会以下几点：

1. 如何邀请别人共进晚餐
2. 如何拒绝别人