# The Business Of English

开始时间：2019-12-15 15：50

结束时间：2019-12-15 16：50

[TOC]



## 陌生单词

episode  [ˈepɪsəʊd]  n. 一段经历；插曲；一段情节

region  [ˈriːdʒən]  n. 地区；范围；部位

rapidly [ˈræpɪdli] adv. 迅速地；很快地；立即

CEO: Chief Executive Officer 首席执行官

## 学习笔记

### Episode 1 Pleased To Meet You

Hi, hello. I don't think we've met.

And what company are you from?

Ocean wide. I'm the sales representative for this region.

Your business is expanding very rapidly at the moment.

Actually, I work for myself.

I'm the CEO of a small export and packaging company.

We specialize in seafood.

It's a growing market.

Yes, but a very competitive one, Mr He.

Please call me Wilson.

Let me introduce you to someone. Lin -  this is Wilson He - he's the regional rep. for Ocean Wide.

This is Lin  Chan, my sales manager.

How do you do, Mr He?

I'm very well, thank you. Nice to meet you, ~.

Can I get you another drink? 我再给你拿杯饮料好吗

## 总结

- If we meet someone new, we can say:

Hello, I don't think we've met. Wilson He. And you?

- What company are you from? 

Ah yes, I know that company.

What company do you represent?

What's your line of business?

Who do you work for?

- And what's your position there? (position means job)

Oh really. That's interesting.

And what do you do there?

- Introduce someone

Let me introduce you to someone. Lin -  this is Wilson He - he's the regional rep. for Ocean Wide.

This is Lin  Chan, my sales manager.

1. The first person's full name
2. The first person's position
3. The second person's full name





## 感悟

在这一个片段，需要学会以下几点：

1. 如何给一个陌生人打招呼
2. 如何问别人的公司和职位
3. 如何给别人介绍身边的人