# The Business Of English

开始时间：2019-12-24 19：05

结束时间：2019-12-24 20：08

[TOC]



## 陌生单词

convinced [kənˈvɪnst] adj. 确信的；深信的

urgent [ˈɜːdʒənt] adj. 紧急的；急迫的

entirely [ɪnˈtaɪəli] adv. 完全地，彻底地

as far as I'm concerned 就我而言

go ahead 前进；进行

practically [ˈpræktɪkli] adv. 实际地；几乎；事实上

in a minute 马上；立即

obvious [ˈɒbviəs] adj. 明显的；显著的；平淡无奇的

All in good time 以后适当的时候, 来得及, 要有耐心

agenda [əˈdʒendə] n. 议程；日常工作事项；日程表

imply [ɪmˈplaɪ] vt. 意味；暗示；隐含

concur [kənˈkɜː(r)] vi. 同意；一致；互助

## 学习笔记

### Episode 5 Hear Hear!

Well, I'm not convinced that the work is as urgent as this report suggests. 我不相信这项工作像这份报告所说的那样紧迫。

So perhaps we should ...

Oh come on - the building is practically falling down!

Sorry Lin - I don't think Tan had finished. We'll get to you in a minute.

Sorry.

As I say, perhaps we should get the second opinion before we spend money.

Thank you Tan.

What's your opinion Walter?

Well, as far as I'm concerned it's a question of safety. So I think we should go ahead.

Are you suggesting that someone could get hurt?

In my opinion, yes. If you ask me there is a serious accident.

Are you implying we should have done something earlier?

Much earlier.

It's a real concern. 这真的有关系

Hear hear!

In that case, I agree - we should do something now.

I think so too.

Thank you Walter. Well, if it's not ...

Excuse me, Madam Chairperson.

Yes, Barbara.

What about the problem with parking? 

There were no places again this morning.

Maybe if you got to work on time ...如果你能按时上班的话

All comments through the Chair if you don't mind Walter.

Parking isn't on the agenda for this meeting.

Perhaps you could suggest it for our next meeting Barbara?

Well, it's a normal discussion. We'll put to a vote.



------

Well it's obvious ...

Yes, but we do need to hear everyone's views on this ...

Let's just vote on it.

All in good time Lin.

Please go on Tan.

------



## 总结

Disagreement

- I'm afraid I'm not convinced.
- I don't entirely agree.
- I'm not sure about that.
- I can't agree with you there.
- I don't think that's quite correct.



Introduce your opinion about sth.

- In my opinion ...
- From my point of view, ...
- As far as I'm concerned ...
- If you ask me ...
- The way I see it is this ...
- I think ...
- I believe ...



Make sure you have understood what someone said.

- Are you suggesting that someone could get hurt?
- Are you saying that someone could get hurt?
- Do you mean someone could get hurt?
- Are you implying that someone could get hurt?



- Perhaps we should move on.

- We do have to keep an eye on the time.



- In that case, I agree.
- I'll go along with you.
- I couldn't agree more.
- That's right.
- I concur.
- Absolutely. 绝对地；完全地





## 感悟

在这一个片段，需要学会以下几点：

1. 如何表示自己的观点
2. 如何表示同意
3. 如何表示反对